annot: Whisk one large egg
ACTID: 0
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] one large egg (-1)
annot: add sour cream
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] sour cream (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: add little water
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: continue to whisk
ACTID: 3
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] (2)
annot: add 1 cup of whole milk and flour one cup at a time
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1 cup of whole milk (-1), flour one cup (-1)
[PP, other, at] a time (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: knead the dough
ACTID: 5
PRED: knead
[DOBJ, food] the dough (4)
annot: divide it into pieces
ACTID: 6
PRED: divide
[DOBJ, food] it (5)
[PP, other, into] pieces (-1)
annot: roll it into an 1/8 of an inch thick
ACTID: 7
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] it (6)
[PP, other, into] an 1/8 of an inch thick (-1)
annot: cut small round pieces
ACTID: 8
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] small round pieces (7)
annot: wrap the cabbage
ACTID: 9
PRED: wrap
[DOBJ, food] the cabbage (-1)
annot: drain the water out of it
ACTID: 10
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, other] the water (-1)
[PP, food, out] of it (9)
annot: chop it using a meat shopper
ACTID: 11
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] it (10)
[PP, other, using] a meat shopper (-1)
annot: Add half a stick of butter
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] half a stick of butter (-1)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: and mix it well
ACTID: 13
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (12)
annot: add black pepper and salt
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] black pepper (-1), salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: stretch the dough
ACTID: 15
PRED: stretch
[DOBJ, food] dough (8)
annot: and place a small tsp of filling in the middle
ACTID: 16
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] a small tsp of filling (14)
[PP, location, in] the middle (15)
annot: fold it
ACTID: 17
PRED: fold
[DOBJ, food] it (16)
annot: seal it at the edges
ACTID: 18
PRED: seal
[DOBJ, food] it (17)
[PP, food, at] the edges (-1)
annot: Cook the pierogies in salted boiling water until they float
ACTID: 19
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the pierogies (18)
[PP, location, in] salted boiling water (-1)
[PP, other, until] they float (-1)
annot: Spread melted butter on a plate
ACTID: 20
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] melted butter (-1)
[PP, location, on] a plate (-1)
annot: transfer the cooked pierogies
ACTID: 21
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, food] the cooked pierogies (19)
[PP, food, ] (20)
annot: serve
ACTID: 22
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (21)